Update {IANA Considerations} section (#60)
ietf-wg-httpapi/ratelimit-headers: draft-ietf-httpapi-ratelimit-headers.md

# IANA Considerations

IANA is requested to update one registry and create one new registry.

Please add the following entries to the
"Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) Field Name Registry" registry
({{SEMANTICS}}):

|---------------------|-----------|---------------|
| Field Name          | Status    | Specification |
|---------------------|-----------|---------------|
| RateLimit-Limit     | permanent | ThisRFC       |
| RateLimit-Remaining | permanent | ThisRFC       |
| RateLimit-Reset     | permanent | ThisRFC       |
|---------------------|-----------|---------------|

IANA is requested to create a new registry to be called

> "Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) Quota-Policy Fields Registry,"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) RateLimit Fields Registry,"
```

to be located at
<https://www.iana.org/assignments/http-ratelimit-quota-fields>.
Registration is done on the advice of a Designated Expert, appointed
by the IESG or their delegate. All entries are Specification Required
({{IANA, Section 4.6}}).

Registration requests must have the following information:

> - Field name:
>   The name of the field, which MUST confirm to the specification in
>   `httpbis-semantics` draft, Section 5.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Field name:
  The name of the RateLimit field to which the parameter apply.
  
- Parameter name:
  The name of the parameter conforming to {{SF}}.

```
